# Tuckshop IdentityServer ReadMe

This readme provides some insights into how to customize your identity service. Update it to include information specific to your project.

## Certificate

If you have not installed the Neo dev cert yet, run the powershell script (as Admin) located in the Certificates folder.

- Open command prompt as administrator, navigate to the Certificates folder in this project folder, execute `pwsh install-cert.ps1`.

## Images

You can change the images in the `wwwroot\images` folder.

## Colours and Styles

See:
- `wwwroot\css\_variables.scss`
- `wwwroot\css\App.scss`

## Multi Factor Authentication

Turn off, or customizing MFA by changing the `SignInRequiresMFA`, `NewUserRequiresTwoFactor` and `UserRequiresTwoFactor` methods in the `MfaManager` class.

E.g. Turn it off by simply returning False.

```csharp
    public bool SignInRequiresMFA(SignInResult result, string username)
    {
      // TODO: Change this if you wish to customize which users require MFA
      return false;
    }
```

Note, users that have already configured their MFA will still be required to enter their MFA unless their `TwoFactorEnabled` field is set to `false`.

To change the system name that will appear in the user's authenticator application, change the method `GenerateQrCodeUri` inside `EnableAuthenticator.cshtml.cs`.

## Identity Providers

The Identity Server can support logins from external Identity Providers. Currently Azure AD, Okta and Google are supported.

Adding external identity providers to your Identity Service is pretty simple, there is a UI built into the React template for it.

### Google

To setup Google as an Identity Provider for your application:

#### Google OAuth Setup

1. Go into the [Google Credentials page](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials).
2. Click **Create credentials > OAuth client ID**.
3. Select the **Web application** application type.
4. Name your OAuth 2.0 client and click Create (use the name of your project and add a suffix for your environment e.g. Tuckshop-Dev)
5. Copy the Client Id
6. Keep the page open to add the Authorized Redirect URI for your App.

#### Setting up Google Identity Provider in your app

1. Run your app and login as an admin (Alice or Bob in dev environment)
2. Open the Identity Providers page
3. Click the Add button.
4. Select Type Google
5. Specify your environment as the Name Suffix, Display Name as "Google"
6. Under OIDC Configuration specify the Authority as `https://accounts.google.com`
7. Paste the Client Id you copied from the Google OAuth setup (you can leave the Client Secret blank).
8. Copy the Redirect Url from the SSO Urls at the bottom and add this into the **Authorized Redirect URIs** section of the Google OAuth.
9. Save your new Google Identity Provider in your app.

Thats it! You should be able to logout as Alice, head over to the Login Page and use Google to login to your App. The same process will need to be repeated per environment you want Google logins to work.

### Azure AD

To setup Azure AD as an Identity Provider for your application:

#### Azure AD App Registration

You will need to be an administrator of your Azure AD in order to register your app under the Azure AD App Registration portal. Once logged into your Azure Portal as an administrator:

1. Navigate to the Azure AD App Registration page
2. Click the **+New Registration** button
3. Specify a name for your application in Azure AD (use the name of your project and add a suffix for your environment e.g. Tuckshop-Dev).
4. Select the account type you want to allow logins for (Recommended: *Accounts in this organizational directory only*).
5. Leave our the Redirect URI (for now) and click **Register**.

Then you will need to configure the ID Token to include the email claims that are needed from Azure AD to verify your users. To do this:

1. Select the Token Configuration section.
2. Click the **+Add optional claim** button.
3. Select the **ID** option.
4. Find and tick the **Email** AND **verified_primary_email** tick boxes.
5. Click the **Add** button (you may get an additional popup saying you need to *“Turn on Microsoft Graph email permission”*. Tick this box and click **Add**.)
6. Keep the page open to add the URLs generated by your app in the next step.

#### Setting up Azure AD Identity Provider in your app

1. Run your app and login as an admin (Alice or Bob in dev environment)
2. Open the Identity Providers page
3. Click the Add button.
4. Select Type Azure AD
5. Specify your environment as the Name Suffix, Display Name as "Azure AD"
6. Under OIDC Configuration specify the Authority as from your Azure AD App Registration page by selecting the first parts of the OAuth 2.0 Authorisation Endpoint Url which will be in this format:
`https://login.microsoftonline.com/{guid}`
7. Copy and Paste the Client Id (also known as Application ID in Azure) into the Client ID field (you can leave the Client Secret blank).

Next you will need to copy the Redirect URL and Logged Out URL from your app into the Azure AD App Registration page.

1. In the Azure AD App Registration page, under *Overview* click the **Add a Redirect URI** link.
2. Under *Platform Configurations* click the **Add a platform** button.
3. Select the **Web application** button.
4. Copy the *Redirect Url* from your app and paste it into the Redirect URI field in your Azure AD App Registration.
5. Copy the Logged Out Url from your app and paste it into the Front-channel logout URL in your Azure AD App Registration.
6. Tick the *ID tokens* tick box in your Azure AD App Registration.
7. Click the *Configure* button in your Azure AD App Registration.
8. Save your new Azure AD Identity Provider in your app.

Thats it! You should be able to logout as Alice, head over to the Login Page and use Azure AD to login to your App. The same process will need to be repeated per environment you want Azure AD logins to work.

